Terms
The following terms and conditions govern all use of this app and all content, services and products available at or through the app. The App is offered subject to your acceptance without modification of all of the terms and conditions contained herein and all other operating rules, policies, and procedures that may be published from time to time on this page (collectively, the Agreement).

Please read this Agreement carefully before accessing or using this app. By accessing or using any part of the App or Service, you agree to become bound by the terms and conditions of this agreement. If you do not agree to all the terms and conditions of this agreement, then you may not access the App or use any Services. You must be at least 17 years old to use the App or Services.

Responsibility of App Users. If you operate an account, post material to the App or Service, or otherwise make (or allow any third party to make) material available by means of the App or Service (any such material, Content), you are entirely responsible for the content of, and any harm resulting from, that Content. You agree to not post or send inappropriate or offensive Content. That is the case regardless of whether the Content in question constitutes text or graphics.

We reserve the right to ban any member from using the App or Service for any reason.

Changes. We reserve the right, at its sole discretion, to modify or replace any part of this Agreement. It is your responsibility to check this Agreement periodically for changes. Your continued use of or access to the App or Service following the posting of any changes to this Agreement constitutes acceptance of those changes. We may also, in the future, offer new services and/or features through the App or Service (including, the release of new tools and resources). Such new features and/or services shall be subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement.

Limitation of Liability. In no event will we be liable with respect to any subject matter of this agreement under any contract, negligence, strict liability or other legal or equitable theory for: (i) any special, incidental or consequential damages; (ii) the cost of procurement or substitute products or services; (iii) for interuption of use or loss or corruption of data. We shall have no liability for any failure or delay due to matters beyond their reasonable control.

General Representation and Warranty. You represent and warrant that your use of the App or Service will be in strict accordance with this Agreement and with all applicable laws and regulations (including without limitation any local laws or regulations in your country, state, city, or other governmental area, regarding online conduct and acceptable content, and including all applicable laws regarding the transmission of technical data exported from the United States or the country in which you reside)

Indemnification. You agree to indemnify and hold harmless the the app, its contractors, and its licensors, and their respective directors, officers, employees and agents from and against any and all claims and expenses, including attorneys fees, arising out of your use of the App or Service, including but not limited to out of your violation this Agreement.

Miscellaneous. This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between this app and you concerning the subject matter hereof, and they may only be modified by a written amendment signed by an authorized executive, or by the posting of a revised version.

Disclaimer: This is a third party companion app for Tinder and is not affiliated with Tinder Inc.
